It is actually an inferior product.
Here, let me help you out.
Luhan, are you alright?
It's okay, Brother Chu Chen, you're hurt.
It's okay, it could be a scratch
Wipe it for you, hey, no, no, I'll do it myself
Xiaoxue, why are you here?
I'm worried about you.
You see you're all hurt
Yeah.
You must be careful next time.
Don't make me worry so much anymore, got it
That's right.
You haven't told me who he is yet?
He is my friend of Brother Chu Chen
Is he your girlfriend?
She's my wife.
We're already married.
Your wife loves you very much.
Yeah, I think so.
Baby brother, let's go home
Otherwise, Auntie should be worried.
Okay, let's go, let's go
I am a friend of Brother Chu Chen
Is he your girlfriend?
That's my wife. We're already married.